Speedometer Corrector Installation
----------------------------------

-------------
Installing It
-------------
You'll have to provide a case for the PCB. The usual mounting location is under
the hood, up high on the firewall, so a sturdy waterproof and melt-proof case
should be used. Alternately, you can mount it in the cab under the dash, if you
drill a hole in the firewall to feed wires through. These options will splice
into the vehicle wiring in the engine compartment on the firewall. Or you can
run a wire from near the speed sensor on the transfer case (with automotive
connectors instead of splicing), up through the tunnel under the console, to a
spot under the driver seat.

If you wire it at the firewall, you'll have to splice into the wiring from the
PCM (ECU) to the speed sensor on the transmission or transfer case. You'll need
to identify the speed sensor power (+5V), ground, and signal wires. You can
find that information in a Factory Service Manual. See the "Jeep" folder. It
might be a good idea to add a 4-pin waterproof connector so you can easily
disconnect the Speedo Corrector if needed.

If you wire it at the transfer case, you can use a couple of OEM style 3-pin
connectors and avoid splicing into the wiring. Those connectors are fairly
pricy, and you'll need a high quality crimper.

The +5V and GND wires must still go to the speed sensor, so you'll have to tee
the wires to get the same feeds into the Speedo Corrector. The signal wire must
be cut. The signal coming up from the speed sensor goes into one pad on the
Speedo Corrector, and the modified signal comes out of another pad and goes on
to the PCM (ECU).

Set the Inc/Dec jumper appropriately, per the Calibration document. Set the 8
switches for the percentage of change, too. Set the Run/Bypass jumper to Run.
