Building the Speedometer Corrector
----------------------------------

-----------
Building It
-----------
A KiCad project is provided, with schematic and PC board layout. The Gerber
files can be sent to a PCB manufacturer for professionally done boards. Most
American companies will cost a lot for 3 boards, plus shipping. Most Chinese
companies will cost a tiny fraction of the American cost, for 10 boards, plus
higher shipping, plus a possible import duty/tariff. A duty or tariff can cost
more than the PCBs. Or you can wire it up by hand on a sea-of-holes breadboard.
The project uses common easy-to-get parts (Mouser or DigiKey will have
everything, maybe eBay or Amazon for an affordable 8-switch DIP). You could
even design your own board for surface mount components, to shrink it, although
the 8-switch DIP and the two jumpers and the ICSP header limit how small you
can go.

You will need a Microchip PIC 18F1320-E/P (extended temperature) 18-pin DIP
through-hole microcontroller, programmed with the firmware provided here. You
can program the chip in a stand-alone programmer, or use a PICkit 3 or 4 or
equivalent device to program it on the board via ICSP. It can be compiled and
burned with Microchip MPLAB X IDE v6.20, Microchip XC8 v3.00 compiler,
Microchip PICkit3.

The DIP-switch must be oriented correctly in the board (which will probably
look wrong). See the "Photos" folder. Holding the circuit board vertically with
the switch location up, the switch should go into the board with the "ON" side
down, with pin 1 at the upper right. Once soldered in place, the markings on
the DIP-switch should be sanded off to avoid confusion. The 1-8 switches are
now bit 0-7, and the "ON" side is now zero, and the "OFF" side is now one. An
open switch (off) allows the PIC to pull the signal up, and a closed switch
(on) pulls the signal to ground, hence the inverted logic.
